All right, so why did I teach you about how those commands are structured so late and all these lectures?
So now it's fresh in your mind and we can implement them right away in your script.
So most often, you'll want your script to accept arguments because it makes it a lot more versatile.
So let's try to make a new one to...
list some directories only that are in a folder that you pass to it as an argument.
Let's make one called dir_args.sh.
'this takes an argument
and displays only directories'.
So there's actually a built in argument variable you can use. So you can do this: 'for d' -- for directory
'in $1'; that means the first argument passed to this.
'do', 'done', 'echo
"echo, the directory"
'chmod' that...
So nothing happened because I didn't pass it a directory name
and /tmp is the only directory there. Let's try /Users or /home.
We still need to modify it some more.
Put that star in there...there you go.  So there's all your folders.
If you did this on your home folder...so--so it's still printing files.
What we need here...we need the if statement.
"if $d is a directory"
and then echo the name,
otherwise
skip it.
Don't forget to close out your statement with 'fi'.
So there, it printed the just the directories and it skipped all those files.  So you don't have to print
this and just put the skip in there so you can see it.
But the main thing I wanted to see is that you could pass in whatever: /Users/shared
There's some stuff there; skipped through files, but found this directory.
So that's the nice thing.
So just this '$1' takes the first the first argument that you pass it and you can--it's
just a built in variable that you can use.